https://youtu.be/xke3ZM_Gf4o?t=29
Wagner mercenary group founder Yevgeny Prigozhin was assassinated, probably on the orders of longtime patron Vladimir Putin, the US said, an assertion the Kremlin denied. Prigozhin and his No. 2 were among 10 people assumed killed in what intelligence officials contend was likely a midair explosion and subsequent crash of his plane. Prigozhin's demise happened to occur exactly two months after his aborted march on Moscow. In his first comments on the crash, Putin said his former ally-turned-mutineer was "a man with a complicated fate." As the Kremlin leader continues his brutal and flailing war on Ukraine, Prigozhin's death may have shored up his wavering reputation as unchallengeable.
美国称，瓦络纳雇佣军组织创始人叶夫根尼-普里戈金被暗杀，很可能是长期靠山弗拉基米尔-普京的指使，克里姆林宫否认了这一说法。情报官员认为，普里戈金的飞机很可能在空中爆炸，随后坠毁，普里戈金和他的副手是假定遇难的 10 人之一。普里戈金的死亡恰好发生在他放弃进军莫斯科后的两个月。普京在首次就坠机事件发表评论时说，他的前盟友转变成叛乱者，“他的命运很复杂”。在克里姆林宫领导人继续对乌克兰发动残暴和毫无章法的战争之际，普里戈金的死可能巩固了他不可挑战的动摇的声誉。
https://youtu.be/xke3ZM_Gf4o?t=297
mercenary, assassinate, patron, assertion, contend, demise, abort, mutineer, flail, shore up, wavering
n. 雇佣军; v. 暗杀; n. 靠山; n. 断言，说法; v. 主张，认为; n. 死亡; v. 取消; n. 判乱者; v. 胡乱摆动; 支撑; adj. 动遥的
https://youtu.be/xke3ZM_Gf4o?t=398
India made history this week by becoming the first nation to successfully send a spacecraft near the moon's south pole. It also joined China as the only other country with an active rover on the lunar surface.This after Russia's lunar effort ended in disaster. In Atlanta, Donald Trump was booked and had his mugshot taken, a first for a former president, for allegedly masterminding a sprawling racketeering conspiracy, the fourth set of felony charges leveled against the Republican this year as he campaigns to return to the White House.Trump posted the mug shot on X, the platform formerly known as Twitter. His account had been dormant since the platform reinstated it in November.
印度本周创造了历史，成为第一个成功将航天器送至月球南极附近的国家。印度还与中国一起成为另一个在月球表面拥有活动漫游车的国家。此前，俄罗斯的登月努力以失败告终。 在亚特兰大，唐纳德-特朗普因涉嫌策划一起庞大的敲诈勒索阴谋而被起诉，并拍下了他的入案照片——这在前总统中尚属首次，这也是这个共和党人今年在竞选重返白宫时，受到的第四起重罪指控。特朗普将这张照片发布在 X 平台上，该平台的前身是 Twitter。自该平台 11 月恢复其帐户以来，他的账户一直处于休眠状态。
https://youtu.be/xke3ZM_Gf4o?t=688
House hunters in the US are encountering the most-unaffordable market in almost four decades and, rubbing salt in the wound, mortgage rates have jumped to 7.23%, a 22-year high. That begs the question: Who is still buying? First-time purchasers desperate to own a home, according to a Zillow survey. The real estate company is trying to lure struggling homebuyers with a new program that offers mortgages with just 1% down.
美国的购房者正遭遇近四十年来最难负担的市场，而更雪上加霜的是，抵押货款利率已跃升至 7.23%，创下 22 年来的新高。这就引出了一个问题：谁还在买房？根据 Zillow 的一项调查，首次购房者迫切希望拥有一套住房。这家房地产公司正试图通过一项新计划来吸引苦苦挣扎的购房者，该计划提供的抵押贷款首付仅为 1%。
https://youtu.be/xke3ZM_Gf4o?t=832
south pole, rover, lunar, mug shot, mastermind, sprawling, racketeering, dormant, reinstate, that begs the question
南极; n. 漫游车; adj. 月球的; 入案照; v. 策划; adj. 庞大的; n. 诈骗; adj. 搁置的，休眠的; v. 恢复; 让人想提出问题